>> Stephen: HEY, EVERYBODY.
WELCOME TO "A LATE SHOW."
I'M YOUR HOST, STEPHEN COLBERT.
JUST HEARING THE BAND DO THE
THEME SONG IS STRANGELY MOVING.
I FORGOT HOW MUCH I MISSED
HEARING THOSE GUYS!
IT'S HOW MANY DAYS?
HOW MANY DAYS HAVE WE BEEN DOING
THIS?
40 DAYS.
THIS IS THE 40th DAY THAT I
HAVE BEEN QUARANTINED WITH MY
WIFE AND KIDS.
I FEEL LIKE NOAH, BUT I ONLY
HAVE ONE DOG, AND HE'S ONLY
INTERESTED IN MY LEG.
WE ALL WANT HAIRCUTS AT THIS
POINT.
I DID SOMETHING DRASTIC TONIGHT,
I COMBED MY HAIR IN THE OTHER
DIRECTION JUST FOR A CHANGE OF
PACE AND THAT WAS A BAD IDEA.
FIRST OF ALL, I'M GETTING A VERY
P ATRICIAN FLOP OVER HERE.
THIS THE VERY MID-'70s JACKSON
BROWN.
OVER HERE, THERE'S A LOT OF
EMPTY REAL ESTATE I DIDN'T KNOW
WAS THERE.
THIS IS USUALLY COVERED BY THE
COMBOVER.
WE SHOULD TALK TO THE NETWORK
AND SELL AD SPACE THERE.
IT COULD SAY HONDA, MOUNTAIN DEW
OR V.W.
WHO'S THE SPONSOR RIGHT NOW?
>> CLARITIN.
>> Stephen: STAY CLARITIN
CLEAR!
BUT YOU'RE REALLY BEGINNING TO
FEEL IT, NOW, IN WEEK SEVEN OF
THIS NATIONWIDE LOCKDOWN.
DON'T GET ME WRONG.
I WILL STAY INSIDE FOR AS LONG
AS IT TAKES.
I'M JUST SAYING, I DIDN'T KNOW I
WOULD RUN OUT OF PATIENCE BEFORE
I RAN OUT OF TOILET PAPER.
ONE OF THE MOST FRUSTRATING
ASPECTS OF THIS WHOLE LOCKDOWN
IS THAT THERE ISN'T ONE
CONSISTENT MESSAGE FROM OUR
LEADERSHIP.
HOW COME I'M STILL GROUNDED AND
GEORGIA GETS TO GO OUT AND PLAY?
IT'S NOT FAIR!
WE BOTH MADE THE MISTAKE OF
BEING MORTAL!
I'M SORRY!
ALSO, IT WOULD BE EASIER TO
AGREE ON WHAT TO DO IF WE ALL
KNEW HOW LONG WE WERE SUPPOSED
TO DO IT.
ON FRIDAY, WE GOT WHAT APPEARED
TO BE GOOD NEWS FROM VICE
PRESIDENT PENCE:
>> IF YOU LOOK AT THE TRENDS
TODAY THAT-- I THINK BY MEMORIAL
DAY WEEKEND WE WILL LARGELY HAVE
THIS CORONAVIRUS EPIDEMIC BEHIND
US.
>> STEPHEN: GREAT.
MEMORIAL DAY.
PUT AWAY THE N-95 MASKS, BREAK
OUT THE N-95 BIKINIS.
BUT YESTERDAY, THAT IDEA GOT
SHOT DOWN BY DR. DEBORAH BIRX:
>> SOCIAL DISTANCING WILL BE
WITH US THROUGH THE SUMMER.
>> STEPHEN: OF COURSE, SHE'S
GOING TO SAY THAT.
SHE'S ALWAYS DRESSED FOR FALL.
THE QUARANTINES IS DRIVING
EVERYONE A LITTLE CRAZY, EXCEPT
DONALD TRUMP.
IT'S DRIVING HIM A LOT CRAZY.
TAKE THURSDAY'S PRESS BRIEFING.
AFTER AN EXPERT FROM THE
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY
TOLD THE MEDIA THAT
DISINFECTANTS AND SUNLIGHT WERE
VERY EFFECTIVE AGAINST THE VIRUS
ON SURFACES, TRUMP FLOATED THIS
POSSIBLE COVID CURE:
>> I SEE THE DISINFECTANT, WHERE
IT KNOCKS IT OUT IN A MINUTE.
ONE MINUTE.
AND IS THERE A WAY WE CAN DO
SOMETHING LIKE THAT, BY
INJECTION INSIDE OR-- OR ALMOST
A CLEANING.
BECAUSE YOU SEE IT GETS IN THE
LUNGS, AND IT DOES A TREMENDOUS
NUMBER ON THE LUNGS.
SO IT WOULD BE INTERESTING TO
CHECK THAT.
>> STEPHEN: HE'S SUGGESTING
INJECTING BLEACH TO FIGHT
CORONAVIRUS.
IT'S NOT ENOUGH THAT HIS
SUPPORTERS ARE ALL WHITE ON THE
OUTSIDE.
OBVIOUSLY, NO ONE SHOULD DO
THAT.
SO, THIS WEEKEND, PEOPLE DID IT.
MULTIPLE STATES SAW AN UPTICK IN
CALLS TO POISON CONTROL, AND
TRUMP'S COMMENTS WERE
UNIVERSALLY REVILED, SO ON
FRIDAY, HE DID DAMAGE CONTROL.
>> MR. PRESIDENT, CAN YOU
CLARIFY YOUR COMMENTS ABOUT
INJECTIONS OF DISINFECTANT?
THEY'RE QUITE PROVOCATIVE--
>> I WAS ASKING THE QUESTION
SARCASTICALLY TO REPORTERS LIKE
YOU.
>> STEPHEN: OH, YEAH, TRUMP IS
FAMOUS FOR HIS SARCASTIC
COMMENTS, LIKE THIS ONE:
>> PRESERVE, PROTECT AND DEFEND
THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED
STATES.
>> STEPHEN: HILARIOUS.
TRUMP GOT SO MUCH HEAT FOR THE
COMMENT THAT HE THREATENED TO
STOP DOING PRESS BRIEFINGS AT
ALL, TWEETING, "WHAT IS THE
PURPOSE OF HAVING WHITE HOUSE
NEWS CONFERENCES WHEN THE
LAMESTREAM MEDIA ASKS NOTHING
BUT HOSTILE QUESTIONS, AND THEN
REFUSES TO REPORT THE TRUTH OR
FACTS ACCURATELY.
THEY GET RECORD RATINGS, AND THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE GET NOTHING BUT
FAKE NEWS.
NOT WORTH THE TIME AND EFFORT!"
YES, IT'S SO HOSTILE TO QUOTE
THE PRESIDENT TO HIMSELF!
(AS TRUMP)
"LOOK, MY PRESS BRIEFINGS ARE
ALL SAID IN THE STRICTEST
CONFIDENCE.
WHAT'S SAID DIRECTLY INTO A
CAMERA, STAYS DIRECTLY INTO A
CAMERA."
HE DIDN'T SHOW UP FOR THE PRESS
BRIEFING YESTERDAY, ALTHOUGH,
THE WHITE HOUSE EXPLAINED THAT
IT WAS MELANIA'S BIRTHDAY.
THEY CELEBRATED BY SPENDING A
QUIET EVENING IN SEPARATE ROOMS.
THEY WERE SOCIAL DISTANCING
YEARS BEFORE IT WAS COOL.
TRUMP ALSO SCRAPPED TODAY'S
WHITE HOUSE PRESS BRIEFING,
UNTIL IT WAS ANNOUNCED,
"PRESIDENT @REALDONALDTRUMP WILL
BRIEF THE NATION DURING A PRESS
CONFERENCE THIS EVENING."
WOW, THAT FLIPPED SO FAST, I GOT
WHIPLASH.
I'LL BE FINE.
I'LL INJECT SOME BLEACH INTO MY
SPINE.
BUT STRATEGICALLY, THIS IS A
GOOD MOVE.
HE DOESN'T WANT LAST THURSDAY TO
BE THE FINAL IMPRESSION OF THESE
BRIEFINGS.
(AS TRUMP)
"EVERYBODY DRINK POISON.
DONNY T. OUT!"
TRUMP VENTED HIS FRUSTRATION AT
THE MEDIA IN GENERAL:
"WHEN WILL ALL OF THE
'REPORTERS' WHO HAVE RECEIVED
'NOBLE' PRIZES FOR THEIR WORK ON
RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA, ONLY TO
HAVE BEEN PROVEN TOTALLY WRONG
BE TURNING BACK THEIR CHERISHED
'NOBLES'?
WHEN WILL THE 'NOBLE' COMMITTEE
DEMAND THE PRIZES BACK?
ACT?
BETTER BE FAST!"
AH, YES, THE CHERISHED "NOBLE"
PRIZE, GIVEN TO SUCH LAUREATES
AS ALBERT EINSTAIN AND MARTIN
BURGER KING.
TRUMP CLEARLY MEANT THE "NOBEL"
PRIZE, EXCEPT THERE IS NO NOBEL
PRIZE FOR JOURNALISM, WHICH
THE INTERNET HELPFULLY POINTED
OUT.
SO TRUMP REVIVED HIS NEW
FAVORITE DEFENSE, TWEETING
"DOES ANYBODY GET THE MEANING OF
WHAT A SO-CALLED 'NOBLE'-- NOT
NOBEL-- PRIZE IS, ESPECIALLY
AS IT PERTAINS TO REPORTERS AND
JOURNALISTS?
NOBLE IS DEFINED AS, 'HAVING OR
SHOWING FINE PERSONAL QUALITIES
OR HIGH MORAL PRINCIPLES
AND IDEALS.'
DOES SARCASM EVER WORK?"
(SARCASTICALLY)
OH, SARCASM WORKS GREEEAAAT.
SARCASM'S ABSOLUTELY THE BEST
THING FOR A PRESIDENT TO DO IN
THE MIDDLE OF A PANDEMIC.
YOU'RE DOING AMAZING,
MR. PRESIDENT.
TRUMP MIGHT BE TRYING TO PUT A
HOLD ON HIS DAILY PRESS
CONFERENCES, BUT THAT DOESN'T
MEAN HE'S GIVEN UP ON HAVING AN
AUDIENCE, BECAUSE IN JUNE, TRUMP
WILL TRAVEL TO WEST POINT TO
SPEAK AT THE U.S. MILITARY
ACADEMY GRADUATION.
UNLESS HE COMES DOWN WITH THROAT
SPURS.
THERE IS ONE CATCH.
LIKE MOST COLLEGES, WEST POINT
ALREADY SENT CADETS HOME BECAUSE
OF CORONAVIRUS, AND NOW THEY
HAVE TO BRING BACK 1,000 CADETS
FOR TRUMP'S COMMENCEMENT
ADDRESS.
SURE, THAT'S HAZARDOUS.
BUT THOSE CADETS TRAINED TO
BRAVELY SERVE WHEREVER THEIR
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF SENDS THEM:
WHETHER IT'S IRAQ, SYRIA, OR
EGO-SLAVIA.
KEEP IN MIND, TRUMP DIDN'T RUN
THIS SPEECH IDEA BY THE MILITARY
BRASS.
"WEST POINT OFFICIALS SAID THEY
WERE TAKEN ABACK BY THE
IMPROMPTU ANNOUNCEMENT."
MAKING TRUMP THE FIRST COMMANDER
IN CHIEF TO LAUNCH A SNEAK
ATTACK ON HIS OWN ARMY.
GETTING THE CADETS BACK TO
CAMPUS SAFELY WON'T BE EASY.
RETURNING SENIORS WILL BE TESTED
OFF-CAMPUS FOR THE CORONAVIRUS.
THOSE WHO TEST NEGATIVE WILL
THEN BE SENT TO THE SCHOOL,
WHERE THEY WILL BE MONITORED FOR
14 DAYS BEFORE GRADUATION.
THAT'S A LOT OF BUILD-UP.
IT BETTER BE A GREAT SPEECH.
(AS TRUMP)
"CONGRATULATIONS, CLASS OF 2020.
AS YOU EMBARK ON YOUR JOURNEY,
REMEMBER: ONE TIME, NO ONE SAID
I COULD WIN, BUT AFTER I WON
WISCONSIN IT LOOKED PRETTY GOOD.
LOCK HER UP!
THE END."
YOU CAN SEND THEM HOME NOW.
ONCE THEY'RE ASSEMBLED, WHO
KNOWS HOW SAFE THE CADETS WILL
ACTUALLY BE, BECAUSE TRUMP
TOLD REPORTERS HE DID NOT LIKE
THE LOOK OF A SOCIALLY-DISTANCED
GRADUATION, SAYING HE PREFERS
CEREMONIES THAT ARE "NICE AND
TIGHT."
(AS TRUMP)
"I LIKE IT NICE AND TIGHT.
I WANT TO BE ABLE TO BOUNCE A
QUARTER OFF THIS GRADUATION.
CADETS, PUT ON YOUR DRESS
SPANX."
TRUMP'S NOT THE ONLY DANGER TO
OUR MILITARY.
SO IS NORTH KOREA.
AND THERE'S A MYSTERY BREWING
ABOUT NORTH KOREAN DICTATOR AND
MAN THEY MODELED LEGO HEADS
AFTER, KIM JONG-UN.
TRUMP'S LITTLE ROCKET BUDDY
HASN'T BEEN SEEN IN PUBLIC FOR
WEEKS, AND RUMORS STARTED FLYING
WHEN HE FAILED TO MAKE A PUBLIC
APPEARANCE ON APRIL 15, WHICH IS
NORTH KOREA'S MOST IMPORTANT
HOLIDAY, THE BIRTHDAY OF HIS
GRANDFATHER AND FOUNDER OF
THE REGIME, KIM IL-SUNG.
YOU CAN'T BLAME HIM FOR SOCIALLY
DISTANCING FROM HIS GRANDFATHER.
HE'S IN THAT GROUP OF ESPECIALLY
VULNERABLE PEOPLE: DEAD FOR 26
YEARS.
SO WHERE IS KIM JONG-UN?
NOBODY KNOWS.
LAST WEEK, SOUTH KOREAN MEDIA
REPORTED THAT KIM MAY HAVE
UNDERGONE CARDIOVASCULAR
SURGERY.
WHAT?
BUT HE'S SO YOUNG AND VIBRANT!
LOOK AT HIM LAUGHING WITH HIS
BEST FRIEND, VAT OF LUBE.
A SOUTH KOREAN OFFICIAL CLAIMS
THE RUMORS ARE "UN"-TRUE.
INSTEAD, "KIM JONG-UN IS ALIVE
AND WELL.
HE HAS BEEN STAYING IN THE
WANSAN AREA."
YES.
I REMEMBER HOW SAD MY KIDS WERE
WHEN OUR DOG RUSTY HAD TO GO
"STAY IN THE WANSAN AREA."
BUT THAT HASN'T STOPPED PEOPLE
FROM WILDLY SPECULATING.
IT'S BEING REPORTED THAT KIM
JONG-UN IS EITHER IN A
"VEGETATIVE STATE," ALIVE AND
WELL, DEAD, BRAIN-DEAD OR JUST
FINE.
HEADLINES SHOULDN'T BE MULTIPLE
CHOICE.
THERE'S A REASON WE NEVER SAW
"WAR! OR, YOU KNOW, PEACE."
OF COURSE, NOBODY KNOWS WHAT'S
REALLY GOING ON.
AND IT WOULD BE IRRESPONSIBLE OF
ME TO SPECULATE THAT KIM JONG-UN
IS ALIVE OR DEAD OR, AFTER A
TRAGIC ACCIDENT AT A LUBE
FACTORY, IS NOW JUST A HEAD IN A
JAR.
WHICH, I SHOULD NOT SPECULATE,
IN A GROTESQUE EXPERIMENT, HAS
BEEN STITCHED TO THE BODY OF
A BEAR, WHICH NOW ROAMS THE
FORESTS SEARCHING FOR MORE LUBE.
NEITHER MAN NOR BEAST, YEARNING
FOR A LOVE HE WILL NEVER FEEL.
THAT'S JUST NOT TRUE.
OR IS IT?
IT'S NOT.
BUT IT COULD BE.
HE'S PROBABLY FINE.
LIKE I SAID EARLIER, QUARANTINE
CONTINUES FOR MOST PEOPLE.
YOU MIGHT HAVE NOTICED, SINCE
YOU ARE ONE.
AND I WANTED TO CELEBRATE YOU,
THE EVERYDAY HEROES OF SOCIAL
ISOLATION, WHICH IS WHY I MADE
THESE SHIRTS, WITH ALL PROCEEDS
GOING TO CHARITY.
YOU CAN GET YOUR OWN AT
COLBERTLATESHOW.COM/
UNITEDWESTAND.
THANKS TO YOU, TODAY I'M HAPPY
TO REPORT THAT OUR SHIRTS HAVE
RAISED $184,589.37 FOR CHARITY!
THAT'S A LOT OF BENJAMINS!
THAT MONEY WILL BE SPLIT BETWEEN
WORLD CENTRAL KITCHEN, WHERE,
EVERYDAY, OUR FRIEND JOSE ANDRES
IS HELPING PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE
FOR HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF
FAMILIES WHO ARE OUT OF WORK;
AND TO GIVE-DIRECTLY, WHICH
DISTRIBUTES CASH TO WHERE IT CAN
DO THE MOST GOOD, OUR NATION'S
POOREST HOUSEHOLDS.
SO IF YOU HAVEN'T GOTTEN YOURS
YET, HEAD TO COLBERTLATESHOW.COM
/UNITEDWESTAND.
GET YOUR SHIRT.
IT'S A QUALITY PRODUCT.
WE'VE GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU
TODAY.
MY GUEST IS COMEDIAN AND STARE
OF BRD'WAY, JOHN MULANEY.
STICK AROUND.
♪